(mellow music) ♪ Working on the weekend like usual ♪ ♪ Way off in the deep end like usual ♪ ♪ Niggas swear they passed
us, they doing too much ♪ ♪ Haven't done my taxes,
I'm too turnt up ♪ ♪ Virgil got a Patek on
my wrist going nuts ♪ ♪ Niggas caught me slipping
once, okay, so what ♪ ♪ Someone hit your block up,
I'd tell you if it was us ♪ ♪ Manor house in Rosewood,
this shit too plush ♪ ♪ Say my days are numbered,
but I keep waking up ♪ ♪ Know you see my texts,
baby, please say something ♪ ♪ Wine by the glass,
your man a cheapskate ♪ ♪ Niggas gotta move off my release day ♪ ♪ Bitch this is fame, not clout ♪ ♪ I don't even know what that's
about, watch your mouth ♪ ♪ Baby got a ego twice
the size of the crib ♪ ♪ I can never tell her
shit, it is what it is ♪ ♪ Said what I had to and did what I did ♪ ♪ Never turn my back on FBG, God forbid ♪ ♪ Virgil got the Patek on
my wrist doing front flips ♪ ♪ Giving you my number ♪ ♪ But don't hit me on no dumb shit ♪ ♪ Working on the weekend like usual ♪ ♪ Way off in the deep end like usual ♪ ♪ Like usual ♪ ♪ Niggas swear they passed
us, they doing too much ♪ ♪ Haven't done my taxes,
I'm too turnt up ♪ ♪ Virgil got a Patek on
my wrist going nuts ♪ ♪ Niggas caught me slipping
once, okay, so what ♪ ♪ Someone hit your block up,
I'd tell you if it was us ♪ ♪ Manor house in Rosewood,
this shit too plush ♪ - It's cool, man, got red bottoms on. Life is good, you know what I mean, like. ♪ Hundred thousand for the cheapest ring ♪ ♪ On a nigga's finger, little bitch ♪ ♪ I done flew one out to
Spain to be in my domain ♪ ♪ And Audemars-ed the bitch ♪ ♪ Dropped three dollars on a ring ♪ ♪ Cost a Bentley truck, little bitch ♪ ♪ I was in the trap serving cocaine ♪ ♪ I ain't been the same since ♪ ♪ Granny, she was standing right there ♪ ♪ While I catch a play on a brick ♪ ♪ I make them little niggas go haywire ♪ ♪ Taliban in this bitch ♪ ♪ I done been down bad in them trenches ♪ ♪ Had to ride with that stick ♪ ♪ Who gave you pills ♪ ♪ Who gave you that dust ♪ ♪ Pluto sent you on a lick ♪ (machine shuts off)
(alarm sounding) ♪ Too many convicts ♪ ♪ That roll with me to play in this shit ♪ ♪ I'm tryna avoid nonsense ♪ ♪ Get Osama sprayed in this bitch ♪ ♪ They had the candlelight,
lighting it up ♪ ♪ Nigga, anybody could get it ♪ ♪ I'm on a PJ lighting it up ♪ ♪ Backwood full of sticky ♪ ♪ I'm tryna tote that Draco in London ♪ ♪ And it's an extended ♪ ♪ They gotta stretch a nigga out ♪ ♪ We gonna die for this shit ♪ ♪ Yeah, I ride for my niggas ♪ ♪ I lie to my bitch ♪ ♪ We some poor, high-class niggas ♪ ♪ Made it, we rich, yeah ♪ ♪ I was at the bando ♪ ♪ Got a penthouse for a closet ♪ ♪ It's like a chandelier
on my neck, my wrist ♪ ♪ I got pink toes that
talk different languages ♪ ♪ Got Promethazine in
my blood and Percocet ♪ - I aint gonna even front. This shit sitting in
the middle of the hood. I been serving fiends. Getting my racks. Bout to buy me some studio time. Make me a song. - What? - For real.
- For real? - I'm about to go big. - You can't spit. For real?
- I got bars fool. - Man, we, you need a hard video. - If I do the video, you gotta direct it. You got the vision. - I got this video. - You got, you thinking of little X. - I got this video. You see how his videos be popping nigga. ♪ Yeah, hundred thousand
for the cheapest ring ♪ ♪ On a nigga's finger, little bitch ♪ ♪ I done flew one out to
Spain to be in my domain ♪ ♪ And Audemars-ed the bitch ♪ ♪ Dropped three dollars on a ring ♪ ♪ Cost a Bentley truck, little bitch ♪ ♪ I was in the trap serving cocaine ♪ ♪ I ain't been the same since ♪ ♪ Racks by the ton I call up Serena ♪ ♪ I go tremendo for new fettuccine ♪ ♪ All fact though, carat the pinky ♪ ♪ All fact though, we ordered the Fiji ♪ ♪ I'm in the loop with the voo ♪ ♪ I'm in the loop with the woo ♪ ♪ Which one of you working ♪ ♪ I put your face on the news ♪ ♪ I put the puss on the shirt ♪ ♪ After I murk it ♪ ♪ Then make them go shoot up the hearse ♪ ♪ Cost me a quarter bird ♪ ♪ Nigga's it's worth it ♪ ♪ And you a maniac ♪ ♪ A fucking alien, how you splurging ♪ ♪ Got that kitty cat, I'm
having fun with that ♪ ♪ Going Birkin ♪ (cars honking) ♪ Hundred thousand for the cheapest ring ♪ ♪ On a nigga's finger, little bitch ♪ ♪ I done flew one out to
Spain to be in my domain ♪ ♪ And Audemars-ed the bitch ♪ ♪ Dropped three dollars on a ring ♪ ♪ Cost a Bentley truck, little bitch ♪ ♪ I was in the trap serving cocaine ♪ ♪ I ain't been the same since ♪ ♪ Hundred thousand for the cheapest ring ♪ ♪ On a nigga's finger, little bitch ♪ ♪ Hundred thousand for the cheapest ring ♪ ♪ On a nigga's finger little bitch, yeah ♪ ♪ Hundred thousand for the cheapest ring ♪ ♪ On a nigga's finger, little bitch ♪ ♪ Hundred thousand for the cheapest ring ♪ ♪ On a nigga's finger little bitch ♪ - [Director] Cut!
(bell rings) That was good, that was good. I just need, I just need one more. - It's a wrap.
- [Director] No, no, I need one more. - It's a wrap
- [Director] No, no, one more. One more, one more. Trust me, please, please. One more, I swear. Just one more. - You always say that. - Exactly. - Probably need to change the lens. - Yeah, yeah, change it up. - We need a 35 mil. - 35 mil please. What do you wanna do? You wanna do it again? - [Director] Yeah, one more time. - You're the boss. You're the boss. - [Director] All right guys,
last looks, we're going again. - [Camera Crew] Roll camera. Playback. ♪ Yeah, hundred thousand
for the cheapest ring ♪ ♪ On a nigga's finger, little bitch ♪ ♪ I done flew one out to
Spain to be in my domain ♪ ♪ And Audemars-ed the bitch ♪ ♪ Dropped three dollars on a ring ♪ ♪ Cost a Bentley truck, little bitch ♪ ♪ I was in the trap serving cocaine ♪ ♪ I ain't been the same since ♪ ♪ Hundred thousand for the cheapest ring ♪ ♪ On a nigga's finger little bitch ♪ ♪ Hundred thousand for the cheapest ring ♪ ♪ On a nigga's finger,
little bitch, yeah ♪ ♪ Hundred thousand for the cheapest ring ♪ ♪ On a nigga's finger little bitch ♪ ♪ Hundred thousand for the cheapest ring ♪ ♪ On a nigga's finger little bitch ♪ 